1
Paragraphs are the building blocks of papers. Many students define paragraphs in terms of length: a paragraph is a group of at least five sentences, a paragraph is half a page long, etc. In reality, though, the unity and coherence of ideas among sentences is what constitutes a paragraph.
2
The flower was so well cared for, that it had soon germinated, giving birth to others, and these other flowers spread onto other flowers. Before long, the whole moon was completely covered with flowers. That's why, whenever the little boy's flowers open up, for a few minutes the moon takes on a soft red sheen. 
3
They worked for hours with curved knives and eventually freed her. When she was free, the divers say she swam in what seemed like joyous circles. She then came back to each and every diver, one at a time, and nudged them, pushed them gently around - she thanked them. 
4
Ben let his pet Ted in the bed. The bed is red. Then Ted fell off the bed. He can get up. "Tell him to get up", Ben. Ben yells, "Get up pet!" Then the pet left. Ben fell off the bed and hit his head. "Oh man! I feel like lead!" "I'll feel better soon," he said. 
5
Dan is a man that had a cat. The cat is Sam. Dan is mad. Dan is mad at Sam. Dan had a hat. And Sam sat on the hat. The cat is sad. Dan is sad. Dan is mad that he had the hat that the cat sat on so he ordered a bat to scare the cat onto a mat. 
6
I take care of the puppy with my grandma. Grandma shows me how to care for the puppy. I put water in a dish and food in a pan. The puppy likes the water and the dog food. The puppy plays with me inside and outside the house. 
7
Mother washed the cherries, and then she put them in the crust to bake. When it was baked, she put the pie by the window to cool off. She opened the window. I was eating my breakfast. I saw the blackbird fly around the tree. There were no cherries on the tree. I saw the blackbird fly in through the window to sit by me.  
8
Saturday, a child's accidental encounter with Harambe, one of the Cincinnati Zoo's silverback gorillas, ended with the animal being shot. While controversy continues to brew about the child's mother, Michelle Gregg and the zoo's decision to shoot - rather than tranquilize - the animal, there's more to learn about Harambe and his species. 
9