1
An ice age is a time period when the temperature of the Earth's surface and atmosphere is greatly reduced so that there is a presence or expansion of continental ice sheets, polar ice sheets and alpine glaciers in the southern and northern hemispheres. The period between ice ages are known as the "Interglacial" period. 
2
Once there was a war between the Roman people and the Etruscans who lived in the towns on the other side of the Tiber River. Porsena, the King of the Etruscans, raised a great army and marched toward Rome. The city had never been in so great danger. No one knew what to do and all seemed lost.
3
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of Light, it was the season of Darkness, it was the spring of hope, and it was the winter of despair. 
4
Daring burglaries by armed men, and highway robberies, took place in the capital itself every night; families were publicly cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers' warehouses for security; the highwayman in the dark was a City tradesman in the light.
5
In 1963, I assigned the name "quark" to the fundamental constituents of the nucleon. Then, in one of my occasional perusals of Finnegans Wake, by James Joyce, I came across the word "quark" in the phrase "Three quarks for Muster Mark." The word "quark" (meaning, for one thing, the cry of a gull) was clearly intended to rhyme with "Mark," and other such words.
6
Eid al-Fitr ("Feast of the Breaking of the Fast") is one of the most important festivals of Muslims. It is a feast that celebrates the end of the fasting during the Ramadan. During the holy month of Ramadan, Muslims fast from dawn to sunset and they eat and drink only after sunset. 
7
"Hello babies. Welcome to Earth. It's hot in the summer and cold in the winter. It's round and wet and crowded. On the outside, babies, you've got a hundred years here. There's only one rule that I know of, babies-"God damn it, you've got to be kind." 
8
"I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain."
9