Paragraphs

Level 1:

Paragraphs are the building blocks of papers. Many students define paragraphs in terms of length: a paragraph 
is a group of at least five sentences, a paragraph is half a page long, etc. In reality, though, the unity and 
coherence of ideas among sentences is what constitutes a paragraph.


The flower was so well cared for, that it had soon germinated, giving birth to others, and these other flowers 
spread onto other flowers. Before long, the whole moon was completely covered with flowers. That's why, 
whenever the little boy's flowers open up, for a few minutes the moon takes on a soft red sheen. 

They worked for hours with curved knives and eventually freed her. When she was free, the divers say she swam 
in what seemed like joyous circles. She then came back to each and every diver, one at a time, and nudged them,
pushed them gently around - she thanked them. 

Ben let his pet Ted in the bed. The bed is red. Then Ted fell off the bed. He can get up. "Tell him to 
get up", Ben. Ben yells, "Get up pet!" Then the pet left. Ben fell off the bed and hit his head. “Oh man!” I 
feel like lead! “I’ll feel better soon,” he said. 

Dan is a man that had a cat. The cat is Sam. Dan is mad. Dan is mad at Sam. Dan had a hat. And Sam sat on 
the hat. The cat is sad. Dan is sad. Dan is mad that he had the hat that the cat sat on so he ordered a 
bat to scare the cat onto a mat. 

I take care of the puppy with my grandma. Grandma shows me how to care for the puppy. I put water in a 
dish and food in a pan. The puppy likes the water and the dog food. The puppy plays with me inside and 
outside the house. 

Mother washed the cherries, and then she put them in the crust to bake. When it was baked, she put the 
pie by the window to cool off. She opened the window. I was eating my breakfast. I saw the blackbird fly 
around the tree. There were no cherries on the tree. I saw the blackbird fly in through the window to sit by 
me. He flew over to the window by the the pie. 

Saturday, a child's accidental encounter with Harambe, one of the Cincinnati Zoo's silverback gorillas, ended 
with the animal being shot. While controversy continues to brew about the child's mother, Michelle Gregg and 
the zoo's decision to shoot – rather than tranquilize – the animal, there's more to learn about Harambe and his 
species. 


Level 2: 

An ice age is a time period when the temperature of the Earth’s surface and atmosphere is greatly reduced so 
that there is a presence or expansion of continental ice sheets, polar ice sheets and alpine glaciers in the 
southern and northern hemispheres. The period between ice ages are known as the “Interglacial” period. 

Once there was a war between the Roman people and the Etruscans who lived in the towns on the other side 
of the Tiber River. Porsena, the King of the Etruscans, raised a great army and marched toward Rome. The city
had never been in so great danger. No one knew what to do and all seemed lost.

It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, 
it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of Light, it was the season of 
Darkness, it was the spring of hope, and it was the winter of despair. 

Daring burglaries by armed men, and highway robberies, took place in the capital itself every night; families 
were publicly cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers' warehouses 
for security; the highwayman in the dark was a City tradesman in the light.

In 1963, I assigned the name "quark" to the fundamental constituents of the nucleon. Then, in one of my 
occasional perusals of Finnegans Wake, by James Joyce, I came across the word "quark" in the phrase "Three 
quarks for Muster Mark." The word "quark" (meaning, for one thing, the cry of a gull) was clearly intended to rhyme 
with "Mark," as well as "bark" and other such words.

Eid al-Fitr (“Feast of the Breaking of the Fast”) is one of the most important festivals of Muslims. It is a 
feast that celebrates the end of the fasting during the Ramadan. During the holy month of Ramadan, Muslims 
fast from dawn to sunset and they eat and drink only after sunset. Fasting during the month of Ramadan is 
one of the acts that should be mandatorily observed by Muslims during their life. 

“Hello babies. Welcome to Earth. It’s hot in the summer and cold in the winter. It’s round and wet and crowded. 
On the outside, babies, you’ve got a hundred years here. There’s only one rule that I know of, babies “Dang 
it, you’ve got to be kind.” 

“I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will 
face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it has gone past I will turn the inner 
eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain.”


Level 3: 
The SourceDataLine interface provides a method for writing audio data to the data line's buffer. Applications 
that play or mix audio should write data to the source data line quickly enough to keep the buffer from 
underflowing (emptying). This data type allows one to present audio in a java program. 

The default transform maps the user space coordinate system to screen coordinates such that the origin maps 
to the upper left hand corner of the target  device with increasing X coordinates extending to the right and 
increasing Y coordinates extending downward. This is the standard for almost all Java images and Graphics objects. 

Surely he took up our pain and bore our suffering, yet we considered him punished by God, stricken by him, 
and afflicted.  But he was pierced for our transgressions, he was crushed for our iniquities; the punishment 
that brought us peace was on him, and by his wounds we are healed.

If an ab ad is on, my Ma or Pa go do it, as so to be up by us. My Ma is bi, my Pa, "Oh?", he is so up on it, 
to us "Uh, no!", we go "Ew!". "Is it in, Pa?" "Er, no, Ma" "Is it up?” "Eh..." "Ow, no go!" "Um...if so?" "Oh,
my...hi!" "Ah, it is on" "Go Pa, do it!" "Oh...No!"

The manifestation of the existential paradigm is infinitesimally larger than the exponentially evolved humanistic
peon; indeed this precept is fundamentally beyond the cognisance of any finite mind.

Mauris vitae  Cras id erat dapibus, vestibulum ligula a, elementum erat. Sed non quam odio. Duis egestas 
velit a felis ornare, a lacinia sem pretium. Mauris pulvinar odio et ex interdum posuere. In molestie orci 
felis, eget efficitur mauris rhoncus id. Aenean elementum ante et nisl rhoncus sodales. 

Histamine, a natural body constituent, is synthesized from L-histidine exclusively by histidine decarboxylase, 
an enzyme expressed in central nervous system (CNS) neurons, gastric mucosa parietal cells, mast cells, basophils,
and other cells throughout the body. Through the receptor, histamine is involved in cell proliferation 
and differentiation, hematopoiesis, embryonic development, regeneration.

To be, or not to be- that is the question: Whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer The slings 
and arrows of outrageous fortune Or to take arms against a sea of troubles, And by opposing end them. 
To die- to sleep- No more; and by a sleep to say we end The heartache, and the thousand natural shocks.

Level 4:

The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. 



